.TH "include/fwi_define.h" 3 "15 Dec 2012" "Version 0.1" "fwidbmgr" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/fwi_define.h \- 
.PP
defines for program  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_DEFAULT_UNDEF_VALUE\fP   -9999.0"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault grid undefined value \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_COLS\fP   177"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault grid columns number \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_ROWS\fP   174"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault grid rows number \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_X_START\fP   1436301.375"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault grid start point x coordinate \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_Y_START\fP   4916704.500"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault grid start point y coordinate \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_X_STEP\fP   1500.0"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault grid step in x direction expressed in meters \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_Y_STEP\fP   1500.0"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault grid step in y direction expressed in meters \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_DEFAULT_VARNUM\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault grid variables number \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTOPOGRAPHY_FIELDSNUM\fP   6"
.br
.RI "\fITopography file fields number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTEMPERATURE_FIELDSNUM\fP   3"
.br
.RI "\fITemperature dat file fields number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHUMIDITY_FIELDSNUM\fP   6"
.br
.RI "\fIHumidity dat file fields number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBWINDSPEED_FIELDSNUM\fP   13"
.br
.RI "\fIWindspeed dat file fields number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRAIN_FIELDSNUM\fP   3"
.br
.RI "\fIRain dat file fields number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGEOGRID\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIGeoreferenced grid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMETEO_INPUT\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIGrid containing meteo data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFWI_INDEXES\fP   2"
.br
.RI "\fIGrid containing FWI indexes data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNUMERIC\fP   3"
.br
.RI "\fIGrid containing generic data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_FORMAT_TEXT\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIGrid data are stored as ascii text. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_FORMAT_BINARY\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIGrid data are stored in binary format. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMETEO_PARAM_TEMPERATURE\fP   'temperature'"
.br
.RI "\fIMeteo parameter: temperature. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMETEO_PARAM_HUMIDITY\fP   'humidity'"
.br
.RI "\fIMeteo parameter: humidity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMETEO_PARAM_WINDSPEED\fP   'windspeed'"
.br
.RI "\fIMeteo parameter: wind speed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMETEO_PARAM_RAIN\fP   'rain'"
.br
.RI "\fIMeteo parameter: rain. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_CREATE\fP   'create'"
.br
.RI "\fIProgram switch to create empty database. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_CREATE_STD_GRID\fP   'createstdgrid'"
.br
.RI "\fIProgram switch to create the standard grid (177x174). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_IN\fP   'in'"
.br
.RI "\fIProgram switch to store the needed input data in database. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_OUT\fP   'out'"
.br
.RI "\fIProgram switch to store FWI indexes computation results in database. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_OUT_IMG\fP   'outimg'"
.br
.RI "\fIProgram switch to store summary images in database. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_EXPORT_INDEXES\fP   'exportidx'"
.br
.RI "\fIProgram switch to export FWI indexes as GrADS files. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_COMPUTE_INDEXES\fP   'computeidx'"
.br
.RI "\fIProgram switch to compute indexes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_COMPUTE_INDEXES_24\fP   'computeidx24'"
.br
.RI "\fIProgram switch to compute indexes over 24 time slots. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACTION_TEST\fP   'test'"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed only for testing. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGIS_DEFAULT_SRID\fP   3003"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault used SRID (Gauss-Boaga - Monte Mario 1 - Roma 40). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_DEFAULT_TABLE\fP   'grid'"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault grid table name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_METEO_INPUT_TABLE\fP   'meteo_input'"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault meteo input tables name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBGRD_FWI_INDEXES_TABLE\fP   'fwi_indexes'"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault FWI indexes tables name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTAG_DATE\fP   '<<date>>'"
.br
.RI "\fIDate tag used in fwidbmgr.conf configuration file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNOT_FOUND\fP   -1"
.br
.RI "\fINot found value after serch. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUCCESS\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIsuccessful operation return value \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFAILURE\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIunsuccessfull operation return value \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
defines for program 


.PP
Definition in file \fBfwi_define.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ACTION_COMPUTE_INDEXES   'computeidx'"
.PP
Program switch to compute indexes. This is an experimental feature At the moment this action computes only these three new indexes
.IP "\(bu" 2
angstroem
.IP "  \(bu" 4
fmi
.IP "    \(bu" 6
sharples 
.PP

.PP

.PP

.PP
Definition at line 197 of file fwi_define.h.
.SS "#define ACTION_COMPUTE_INDEXES_24   'computeidx24'"
.PP
Program switch to compute indexes over 24 time slots. This is an experimental feature At the moment this action computes only these three new indexes 
.PP
Definition at line 207 of file fwi_define.h.
.SS "#define FAILURE   0"
.PP
unsuccessfull operation return value FAILURE 
.PP
Definition at line 265 of file fwi_define.h.
.SS "#define GRD_X_START   1436301.375"
.PP
default grid start point x coordinate Coordinates are expressed using Monte Mario 1 SRS 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
postgis documentation at http://postgis.refractions.net/ 
.PP
http://www.epsg.org/ 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 34 of file fwi_define.h.
.SS "#define GRD_Y_START   4916704.500"
.PP
default grid start point y coordinate Coordinates are expressed using Monte Mario 1 SRS 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
postgis documentation at http://postgis.refractions.net/ 
.PP
http://www.epsg.org/ 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 44 of file fwi_define.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for fwidbmgr from the source code.
